no no
there are very good at all I am fury and
you are watching on the screen but touch is
a bunch of weapons and weird gossip all
this is let's say special weapons weapons
everything that has leaked and we have
could see through which wikileaks os
I leave the link to the description or in
the cinematic intro in the trailers all
what weapons and things that have
confirmed until the day before
the departure from the origins map that will come out
tomorrow I have a lot of desire to
can play it and bring you a lot of
videos so let's start with the
compiled everything in a video all that
we have seen to this day we are going to
start at the top the left are you
seeing a gun the mauser pistol is
from several days ago ago
weeks they even taught us a first
sketch of this weapon the mauser pistol
that will replace the main weapon to the
pistol of principle we will use this
gun to see how it goes and once
improved if you can improve to see what
how it works not because in the sketch
it came out with a telescopic sight and a
coupling the barrel to see how this goes
Mauser the right then leaves the
tool a new admit I do not know if it is
exactly the omni warmi tool
but in the cinematic we saw
who was well and had a
revolver shooting and if it was not even warm
and it was a very similar revolver that's why
I have brought you this image of this
revolver then sees grenades and the one below
Mauser submachine we see the FGM
0815 I think it's called a machine
egún as lang lang called them to see
what is it called in the game
this submachine gun is very vast in the video
of the analysis the suit I put a link to
this weapon in reality is a very weapon
touches very large and especially the ammunition
that brings has a huge bullets and
ready to kill the zombies I think I
that will go wonderfully then to the
right we have already seen an object equip
bleu build him a shield just like
in buried for example namen bourget
font edit a shield to see and see how
will see the location of the pieces to
see how this is mounted on this shield
the other had not yet seen it
I bring there you have the image then to the
right of the shield we see the mp 40 mm
This weapon has already been tested by me from the
previous call of duty from the water
war and below we see the four canes
elementary four scepters which is what
suit also on the trophy list of
previous video we see that the four
sticks let's say they are exactly the same what
only that they change is the stone and the
color of the stone are not four stones
distinct and everything around him this
iron aparatejo is also different
this what we have until the day
today here now as each one pulls out
your own conclusions your theories and
I'll try them tomorrow to see what
such van can be that one pull rays
another wind shot another has fire
go you know but they have a pint
very cool I really want to
try it and then on the right side in
top to bottom column
we see the shotgun or clean the remington
these weapons and you have already played a call of
duty black ops 2 zombies on maps
earlier these weapons come out like
that the m-14 and then in the in a video
they showed us the ballista but if the
telescopic peephole we came out with the
iron peephole and just below is the
steg 44 for those who do not know it is a
with a gun that also came out in call of
duty world at war and has also approved
also in custom apps and so on
last below the whole is the root
marc 2 that for those who have the dlc
previous the revenge dlc as the one
it came out that included the map of buried and
included this this new weapon
well that has been all a bit a sight
prior to all weapons and objects that
we can build special weapons like
the sticks the shield that still does not
had taught the m & g 08 that is the
new submachine gun the mp 40 and the 744 that
are call of duty old call of
duty 4 war for example and the good the
fragmentation grenade I do not know if there will be
you feel or have not yet seen us and
surely all this is what has
left for the moment confirming then
there will be many other new weapons
tomorrow the map is already tomorrow
you will have here helmet porros videos
videos in piles do not be anything
I will teach everything you see from the
first game you make until the last
on Tuesday wednesday thursday friday
Saturday, Sunday, I will bring you all the
information everything you take out of the map
from the origins what the first
impressions or whatever you see of the
map objects that can be built
location of the pieces for
build the canes how to get the
achievements as
terek et cetera et cetera et cetera
I've always been doing with maps
previous and since it is the last map
let's give chicha and teach them everything
what I can just like me that
I know the giants the zombies these with
armor has an incredible look so
aa only hope from tomorrow
to see the map and for you
You can see and enjoy the map for the
that you can not play and you want to see
gameplays because here you will have it in this
channel because that has been everything I hope that
you liked it, we'll see you in the
next video and until next time